feat: Coverage new engine as data source for diff tabs ALA-789 (#1977)
codacy/docs: docs/release-notes/cloud/cloud-2023-11-23-new-coverage-engine-status-checks.md

Please refer to the table below for the updated status of the transition process. The table will be updated as changes are introduced.

<table>
  <thead>
    <th>Feature set</th>
    <th>Feature</th>
    <th>Status</th>
    <th>Notes</th>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td rowspan="2">Git providers</td>
      <td><a href="#status-checks">Git provider status checks</a></td>
      <td>Live (beta)</td>
      <td>The new Coverage engine now sends coverage data to your Git provider.<br>This data is marked [beta] and is shown alongside the data from the current engine.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><a href="#coverage-summaries">GitHub coverage summaries</a></td>
      <td>Live</td>

>       <td>-</td>

Author: ```suggestion
      <td>The new Coverage engine now sends coverage summaries to GitHub. If you haven't done so yet, please review and update your app permissions as mentioned above.</td>
```

!!! info "This section applies to the repositories for which you set Codacy to post [coverage summaries](../../repositories-configure/integrations/github-integration.md#coverage-summaries) to your GitHub pull requests"

{%
    include-markdown "../../assets/includes/coverage-github-accept-permissions.md"
    start="<!--accept-permission-start-->"
    end="<!--accept-permission-end-->"
%}

On December 7th 2023 we set the new Coverage engine to post coverage summaries to GitHub, replacing the old Coverage engine.

## Codacy app UI diff tabs from the new Coverage engine {: id="diff-tabs"}

{%
    include-markdown "../../assets/includes/coverage-github-accept-permissions.md"
    start="<!--accept-permission-start-->"
    end="<!--accept-permission-end-->"
%}

> On January 1st 2024<!-- TODO ALA-789 date --> we set the [diff tab of the Coverage pull requests page](../../repositories-coverage/pull-requests.md#diff-tab) to get data from the new Coverage engine.

Author: Important: update with the actual launch date.

Reviewer: Updated!

> On January 1st 2024<!-- TODO ALA-789 date --> we set the [diff tab of the Coverage pull requests page](../../repositories-coverage/pull-requests.md#diff-tab) to get data from the new Coverage engine.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
On December 27th 2023<!-- TODO ALA-789 date --> we set the [diff tab of the Coverage pull requests page](../../repositories-coverage/pull-requests.md#diff-tab) to get data from the new Coverage engine.
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On December 27th 2023 we set the [diff tab of the Coverage pull requests page](../../repositories-coverage/pull-requests.md#diff-tab) to get data from the new Coverage engine.
```
